Chronyc makestep (#20622)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

        506 Cannot talk to daemon
        ```

>     - If the offset seems to high you may want to run `chronyc makestep` to immediately correct any time offset. Without running this `chronyd` will gradually correct the time offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the offset appears to be too high, you can run the `chronyc makestep` command to immediately correct the time offset. Otherwise, `chronyd` will gradually correct the time offset.
```
